README.md, before:


  
  # 09 Node.js: Professional README Generator

  A command-line application that dynamically generates a professionalo README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package.

  undefined

  [A deployed version can be viewed here.](https://github.com/jbtiglao/readme-generator)
  

  ---
  ## Table of Contents
  1. [Title](#title)
  2. [Description](#description)
  3. [Installation](#installation)
  4. [Usage](#usage)
  5. [License](#license)
  6. [Contributing](#contributing)
  7. [Tests](#tests)
  8. [Credits](#credits)
  9. [Author](#author)
  10. [Questions](#questions)
  
  ---
  ## Installation
  Clone the files from my GitHub repository and open on Visual Studio Code.

  
  ---
  ## Usage
  Refer to instructions and screenshots below.

  ---
  ## License
  License used for this project - MIT
  
  For more information on the above license and other license types, please see the following websites:  
  - [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/licenses)
  - [Choose a License](https://choosealicense.com/)

  ---
  ## Contributing
  To contribute to this application: 
  Make a pull request. Your features will be merged after review and approval.

  ---
  ## Tests
  Test 1, Test 2, Test 3

  ---
  ## Credits
  09 Node.js lectures and materials

  ---
  ## Author
  Jane Tiglao

  ---
  ## Questions
  For questions or issues, please contact: 
  - Jane Tiglao 
  - Email: janeytiglao@gmail.com
  - GitHub Username: jbtiglao
  - GitHub Profile: https://github.com/jbtiglao

Commit message:

fixed code for license badges so it won't return undefined

README.md, after:


  
  # 09 Node.js: Professional README Generator

  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ---
  ## Description

  A command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package.



  [A deployed version can be viewed here.](https://github.com/jbtiglao/readme-generator)

  ---
  ## Table of Contents
  1. [Title](#title)
  2. [Description](#description)
  3. [Installation](#installation)
  4. [Usage](#usage)
  5. [License](#license)
  6. [Contributing](#contributing)
  7. [Tests](#tests)
  8. [Credits](#credits)
  9. [Author](#author)
  10. [Questions](#questions)
  
  ---
  ## Installation
  Clone the files from my GitHub repository and open on Visual Code.

  
  ---
  ## Usage
  Please refer to the walk-through demonstration video, as well as the instructions and screenshots below.

  ---
  ## License
  License used for this project - MIT
  
  For more information on the above license and other license types, please see the following websites:  
  - [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/licenses)
  - [Choose a License](https://choosealicense.com/)

  ---
  ## Contributing
  To contribute to this application: 
  Submit a pull request. Your features will be merged after review and approval.

  ---
  ## Tests
  Test 1, Test 2, and Test 3.

  ---
  ## Credits
  Unit 9, Node.j lectures, internet resources, and reading materials, UCI Boot Camp.

  ---
  ## Author
  Jane Tiglao

  ---
  ## Questions
  For questions or issues, please contact: 
  - Jane Tiglao 
  - Email: janeytiglao@gmail.com
  - GitHub Username: jbtiglao
  - GitHub Profile: https://github.com/jbtiglao
